AI is changing the way that people trade, and I wanted to show you guys how to use some brand-new stock market tools. With Quiver Quant and Alpaca paper trading combined with Claude, stock trading just got interesting. Claude can place trades for you in a single prompt, and you do not have to do any manual work. Sounds a bit scary, but don't worry, for the trades we place today, we will not be using any real money. We will create a paper trading account with Alpaca, which simulates what it is like to trade with real money and observe how it's doing over time. So no, AI will not have access to your actual bank account, and no, it will not take all of the money out of your actual accounts. You can implement Quiver strategies with fake money and observe how they do over time, and you can back test those same strategies to see how they've performed in the past. So let's try this out. First, we will have to do a Google search for Alpaca. The trading API is probably one of the first results that you're gonna get, so we'll click on that, and then we'll create a trading API account, and so you'll just have to put in name, email, et cetera. Um, it'll probably ask you to verify your email. Um, setup is really quick, and it's also free. So once we have this set up, we can take a look at the application. It does have a disclaimer right at the top that says, "You are on paper trading, and no real money is being used." If you scroll down, you will see positions, recent orders, API keys. So you'll see all of the stuff that we're gonna be looking at throughout this video. Um, you are able to s- just search up any ticker and put in an order right here on the app, but we are going to do this through the MCP server, which we are going to set up next. In order to get, uh, set up with the MCP server, we are going to need the endpoint, the key, and the secret key. So you will just have to generate these keys, and you will want to keep them private. API keys act a lot like a password, and so if anybody gets access to that password, they might be able to have access to your account and make trades on your behalf, which would obviously not be great. So yeah, definitely make sure to keep those private and store them somewhere safe. You can also regenerate the keys at any time, and then the old keys will no longer be functional. So the next step is getting set up with the MCP server. You can see the URL here at the top that you can do this app for Alpaca. They have setup steps pretty similar to Quiver to get this accomplished. So you will head to this URL, and you will hit Claude Desktop because that is where we're gonna be doing this today. And then you are going to see this little code block. It looks very, very similar to the one that we use for Quiver, and there is already a video that we have on how to get set up with our MCP server, so you could also reference that to get set up with this one. You will need both to follow along with this video. Once you are connected to both MCP servers, let's test out and see if that connection actually works. So I might have some shares already purchased on my account, so the first thing that I'm going to ask is to sell any shares that I currently own on Alpaca and on my account. So we will start with that prompt. And you might have to click Allow a few times. Um, it might ask you for permission to actually execute the trades. And then when we head back to Alpaca, we can see that I do not have any current shares. So the next thing that we're gonna test out is purchasing one share of Apple. So again, we will hit Allow when it asks for permission, and then here we go. It says the order was placed, so when we head back to Alpaca, we can see that it did in fact place that order, and we did not have to manually do anything. So next we're gonna ask for it to implement Quiver's best-performing strategy. So this is where both MCP servers come into play. It can look at the Quiver strategies, and then it can gather some information on which one has maybe performed the best historically and then implement that. Um, you could try this with any strategy that you're interested in tracking or taking a look at. It was able to successfully put in all of the positions held by the Quiver Congress buys strategy. Now, this strategy sometimes periodically will update, so the holdings might change depending on a variety of factors. The one downside to using the MCP servers and just a free account is that you cannot set some sort of schedule for the algorithm to rerun and update your holdings. You do have to go in and ask it to manually make sure that the current holdings are updated and would hypothetically match the strategy that you're looking at. Um, that's just something to keep in mind. It's not going to automatically be rebalancing your portfolio unless you specifically ask it to do that if you do it using this method. We are now going to ask Claude to use the Alpaca and Quiver MCP servers to back test the most successful Quiver strategy. I am gonna specify that I want it to use the actual strategy, not news feeds or the web. Sometimes AI agents like to diverge from what you had in mind and search from other places, but we really wanna stick to Quiver's data and Alpaca's data 'cause we know we can rely on those to be true. So we're gonna have it make a line graph here. And there we go. We can see how this specific strategy, it looks like it grabbed up the Pelosi strategy, um, how that performed over time and how that performed in comparison to the market. What I like to do is look through the actual logic of what the agent decided to do just to ensure accuracy. Usually, the agent tells you what it is working on as it's thinking, so you can ensure that it actually pulled from the sources that you were hoping it would. I hope you guys enjoyed this video, and I encourage you to give this a try. 